README.md, before:

- [PokeAPI - Frontend Challenge](#pokeapi---frontend-challenge)
  - [🎯 Challenge](#-challenge)
  - [🥳 App](#-app)
  - [🖊️ Commit Messages](#️-commit-messages)
  - [⚙️ Scripts](#️-scripts)
  - [💻 Made with](#-made-with)
  - [🚀 How to run](#-how-to-run)
  - [👀 To be continued](#-to-be-continued)

# PokeAPI - Frontend Challenge

## 🎯 Challenge

Create a web application witch [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/) that allows users to search for Pokémon by name and see details about the Pokémon. The API used is called [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/docs/v2) and the details that should be displayed [here](./.github/challenge/rules.md). For this project started in the [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/S4v20i3QiDpfXO3iKnzzrB/PokeAPI---Frontend-Chanllenge?type=design&node-id=2105%3A1453&mode=design&t=SKVZzDFu6NO8YMWE-1) file to get the idea of a design.

## 🥳 App

<!-- TODO -->

## 🖊️ Commit Messages

This repository uses [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) to standardize the commit messages. The pattern used is:

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>
```

The tools that help to follow this pattern are:

- [Commitlint](https://commitlint.js.org/#/) (to lint the commit messages)
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/) (hook to run the git hooks)
- [Lint Staged](https://github.com/lint-staged/lint-staged) (to run the linters and formatters before the commit)
- [Commitizen](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/) (cli to help with the commit messages)

## ⚙️ Scripts

This app already has some scripts configured:

- `dev`: run the application in development mode
- `build`: build the application
- `preview`: run the application in preview mode
- `test`: run the tests
- `test:watch`: run the tests in watch mode
- `test:coverage`: run the tests and generate the coverage report
- `lint`: run the linter
- `format`: run the formatter
- `prepare`: install the git hooks
- `commit`: run the commitizen to help with the commit messages

## 💻 Made with

[![JAVASCRIPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![TYPESCRIPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML)
[![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/CSS)
[![REACT](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![REDUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-764ABC?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)](https://redux.js.org/)
[![ANT DESIGN](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ant_Design-0170FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white)](https://ant.design/)
[![STYLED COMPONENTS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styled_Components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)](https://styled-components.com/)
[![REACT QUERY](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-query&logoColor=white)](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)
[![AXIOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Axios-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=axios&logoColor=white)](https://axios-http.com/)
[![JEST](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)](https://jestjs.io/)
[![ESLINT](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B32C3?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)](https://eslint.org/)
[![PRETTIER](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prettier-F7B93E?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=black)](https://prettier.io/)
[![GIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GITHUB](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://www.github.com/)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://www.npmjs.com/)
[![HUSKY](https://img.shields.io/badge/Husky-FF4081?style=for-the-badge&logo=husky&logoColor=white)](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)
[![LINT STAGED](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lint_Staged-7357CF?style=for-the-badge&logo=lint-staged&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/lint-staged/lint-staged)
[![COMMITLINT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Commitlint-E9A203?style=for-the-badge&logo=commitlint&logoColor=white)](https://commitlint.js.org/#/)
[![COMMITIZEN](https://img.shields.io/badge/Commitizen-2B7489?style=for-the-badge&logo=commitizen&logoColor=white)](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![CONVENTIONAL COMMITS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional_Commits-EC4A3F?style=for-the-badge&logo=conventionalcommits&logoColor=white)](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

## 🚀 How to run

1. Clone the repository:
2. Install the dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the application in development mode:

   ```bash
    npm run dev
   ```

## 👀 To be continued

- [ ] Develop unit, integration and e2e tests
- [ ] Make it responsive

Commit message:

feat(pages): implement list of pokemons on home page

README.md, after:

- [PokeAPI - Frontend Challenge](#pokeapi---frontend-challenge)
  - [🎯 Challenge](#-challenge)
  - [🥳 App](#-app)
  - [✅ Features](#-features)
    - [App Architecture](#app-architecture)
    - [App functionalities](#app-functionalities)
  - [🖊️ Commit Messages](#️-commit-messages)
  - [⚙️ Scripts](#️-scripts)
  - [💻 Made with](#-made-with)
  - [🚀 How to run](#-how-to-run)
  - [👀 To be continued](#-to-be-continued)

# PokeAPI - Frontend Challenge

## 🎯 Challenge

Create a web application witch [ReactJS](https://reactjs.org/) that allows users to search for Pokémon by name and see details about the Pokémon. The API used is called [PokeAPI](https://pokeapi.co/docs/v2) and the details that should be displayed [here](./.github/challenge/rules.md). For this project started in the [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/S4v20i3QiDpfXO3iKnzzrB/PokeAPI---Frontend-Chanllenge?type=design&node-id=2105%3A1453&mode=design&t=SKVZzDFu6NO8YMWE-1) file to get the idea of a design.

## 🥳 App

<!-- TODO -->

## ✅ Features

### App Architecture

- [x] Create a good structured React App using Vite with TypeScript end config ESLint, Prettier, Husky and Lint Staged for code quality
- [x] Ready for testing with Vitest and React Testing Library
- [x] Setup Redux for state management and Redux Toolkit for better performance
- [x] Themed application with `light` and `dark` mode using And Design and Styled Components
- [x] Services and requests cached using Axios and React Query
- [x] Documentation

### App functionalities

- [x] List of Pokémon
- [x] Pagination
- [ ] Search for Pokémon by name or Number
- [ ] Modal with Pokémon details
- [ ] Page with type of species detailed

## 🖊️ Commit Messages

This repository uses [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) to standardize the commit messages. The pattern used is:

```
<type>[optional scope]: <description>
```

The tools that help to follow this pattern are:

- [Commitlint](https://commitlint.js.org/#/) (to lint the commit messages)
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/) (hook to run the git hooks)
- [Lint Staged](https://github.com/lint-staged/lint-staged) (to run the linters and formatters before the commit)
- [Commitizen](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/) (cli to help with the commit messages)

## ⚙️ Scripts

This app already has some scripts configured:

- `dev`: run the application in development mode
- `build`: build the application
- `preview`: run the application in preview mode
- `test`: run the tests
- `test:watch`: run the tests in watch mode
- `test:coverage`: run the tests and generate the coverage report
- `lint`: run the linter
- `format`: run the formatter
- `prepare`: install the git hooks
- `commit`: run the commitizen to help with the commit messages

## 💻 Made with

[![JAVASCRIPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/JavaScript-F7DF1E?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=black)](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/JavaScript)
[![TYPESCRIPT](https://img.shields.io/badge/TypeScript-007ACC?style=for-the-badge&logo=typescript&logoColor=white)](https://www.typescriptlang.org/)
[![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/HTML5-E34F26?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/HTML)
[![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/CSS3-1572B6?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white)](https://developer.mozilla.org/pt-BR/docs/Web/CSS)
[![REACT](https://img.shields.io/badge/React-61DAFB?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=black)](https://reactjs.org/)
[![REDUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Redux-764ABC?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)](https://redux.js.org/)
[![ANT DESIGN](https://img.shields.io/badge/Ant_Design-0170FE?style=for-the-badge&logo=ant-design&logoColor=white)](https://ant.design/)
[![STYLED COMPONENTS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Styled_Components-DB7093?style=for-the-badge&logo=styled-components&logoColor=white)](https://styled-components.com/)
[![REACT QUERY](https://img.shields.io/badge/React_Query-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=react-query&logoColor=white)](https://react-query.tanstack.com/)
[![AXIOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Axios-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=axios&logoColor=white)](https://axios-http.com/)
[![JEST](https://img.shields.io/badge/Jest-C21325?style=for-the-badge&logo=jest&logoColor=white)](https://jestjs.io/)
[![ESLINT](https://img.shields.io/badge/ESLint-4B32C3?style=for-the-badge&logo=eslint&logoColor=white)](https://eslint.org/)
[![PRETTIER](https://img.shields.io/badge/Prettier-F7B93E?style=for-the-badge&logo=prettier&logoColor=black)](https://prettier.io/)
[![GIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-F05032?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)](https://git-scm.com/)
[![GITHUB](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://www.github.com/)
[![NPM](https://img.shields.io/badge/NPM-CB3837?style=for-the-badge&logo=npm&logoColor=white)](https://www.npmjs.com/)
[![HUSKY](https://img.shields.io/badge/Husky-FF4081?style=for-the-badge&logo=husky&logoColor=white)](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)
[![LINT STAGED](https://img.shields.io/badge/Lint_Staged-7357CF?style=for-the-badge&logo=lint-staged&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/lint-staged/lint-staged)
[![COMMITLINT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Commitlint-E9A203?style=for-the-badge&logo=commitlint&logoColor=white)](https://commitlint.js.org/#/)
[![COMMITIZEN](https://img.shields.io/badge/Commitizen-2B7489?style=for-the-badge&logo=commitizen&logoColor=white)](https://commitizen.github.io/cz-cli/)
[![CONVENTIONAL COMMITS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Conventional_Commits-EC4A3F?style=for-the-badge&logo=conventionalcommits&logoColor=white)](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

## 🚀 How to run

1. Clone the repository:
2. Install the dependencies:

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

3. Run the application in development mode:

   ```bash
    npm run dev
   ```

## 👀 To be continued

- [ ] Develop unit, integration and e2e tests
- [ ] Make it responsive
